docs: Add docker compose workflow for running docs locally (#5400)
influxdata/docs-v2: README.md

      npx hugo server
      ```
5. View the docs at [localhost:1313](http://localhost:1313).

### Alternative: Use docker compose

> 1. [**Clone this repository**](https://help.github.com/articles/cloning-a-repository/) to your local machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Clone this repository to your local machine. See how to [clone a repository](https://help.github.com/articles/cloning-a-repository/).
```

2. **Install Docker & Compose Plugin**

> 3. **Start the Hugo Server**
> 
>   In your terminal use `docker compose` to start the Hugo server in dev mode:
> 
>     ```sh
>     docker compose up local-dev
>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Use Docker Compose to start the Hugo server in development mode--for example, enter the following command in your terminal:

    ```sh
    docker compose up local-dev
    ```
```
